Don't be impulsive.
Master has nothing to do with this.
We can let you go.
Taking leave does not hold you responsible.
I don't care now.
Why did you watch your brother die like that?
Let him go.
I'm coming with you.
He just can't eat a 25-year-old dog.
I can't believe he's alive.
You dare to accept.
My brotherly love with Little Minh Tzu
Can a cold-blooded animal like you understand?
The city is not enough.
If so, the dead bird points to the sky.
Immortal for a thousand years
But this dog system, the underweight reward, lacks these two.
Success but the King judges the chapter
The host achieves the absence of the practitioner.
yin and yang infinity light
There is no power to return the damage to the attacker.
The number of times this magic was used was once.
Baby, leave me alone
Go yourself.
What are you talking about?
Our brotherhood is here.
Let go of your hands and there will be a good fight.
One guy gave a punch.
Score points the way men do.
Solving life and death.